readme.md, before:

##Coloured Nametag: A mod for Minetest!
This mod allows players to set their nametag to a colour of their choice.

**NOTICE: This mod only works with the dev version of Minetest, specifically, after commit https://github.com/minetest/minetest/commit/18c2f16c138f4b40b4705507b46d24e1518e4705**

####Usage and effects:
The usage of this mod is very simple. Once it has been installed, players on the server can use the /nametag command to bring up a formspec, on which they can select a colour, out of red, green, blue, purple, yellow, cyan, white, orange and black. The player's nametag then gets set to that colour! However, this has to be done on every log in, I still need to find a simple way of preserving the nametag colour between logins.

Just to warn you: This mod is totally and utterly useless in singleplayer! (Even with f7, the nametag isn't visible.)

####ToDo:
* Make the nametag colours preserve over reboot.
* Make the mod more customisable.
* Maybe make the formspec a little more colourful.
* Maybe make a second page of colours?

###License:
Everything in this mod is licensed under WTFPL.

Commit message:

Added in one new command and options for /nametag:
Changed command: "/nametag" - Now any of the 9 colors can be added as a param, eliminating, if the user wants, the need for the formspec.
New Command: "/nametag-custom" - Changes color to a custom value. Setup uses the RBG Format.

readme.md, after:

##Coloured Nametag: A mod for Minetest!
This mod allows players to set their nametag to a colour of their choice.

**NOTICE: This mod only works with the dev version of Minetest, specifically, after commit https://github.com/minetest/minetest/commit/18c2f16c138f4b40b4705507b46d24e1518e4705**

####Usage and effects:
The usage of this mod is very simple. Once it has been installed, players on the server can use the /nametag command to bring up a formspec, on which they can select a colour, out of red, green, blue, purple, yellow, cyan, white, orange and black. The player's nametag then gets set to that colour! However, this has to be done on every log in, I still need to find a simple way of preserving the nametag colour between logins.

If you prefer, you can add the colour you want (out of the ones listed above) as a param to the /nametag command, which dispenses with the need to use the formspec.

If you want to get creative, you can use the command /nametag-custom with three values (RGB) between 1 and 255 to set your nametag to any colour you like!

Just to warn you: This mod is totally and utterly useless in singleplayer! (Even with f7, the nametag isn't visible.)

####ToDo:
* Make the nametag colours preserve over reboot.
* Make the mod more customisable.
* Maybe make the formspec a little more colourful.
* Maybe make a second page of colours?

###Credits:
Thanks to Chanku/Sapein for the option of using a param to set the colour, and for the custom colour nametag command.

###License:
Everything in this mod is licensed under WTFPL.
